Fix constant ShellDetectionFailure (#72)
sarugaku/shellingham: news/72.bugfix.rst

> Fixed a regression introduced in version 1.5.1, which caused
> ``ShellDetectionFailure`` if /proc was being used for process lookup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a regression causing ``ShellDetectionFailure`` if ``/proc`` is used for process lookup.
```
